# MASTERMIND
Beat the game and be the Mastermind.

## INTRO
[Here](https://youtu.be/rnICeO3Fey4?si=7Re6H0ttK9Ec28q7) is how the game works. Watch it and try for yourself.

## WHAT IS MASTERMIND
**Mastermind** is a number guessing __game__ written in
python. Here you need to guess the number which is randomly generated by the system before your attempts runs out.

You can play this game by yourself or with your friends. Each player have to guess a different number and the number of attempts they have taken to guess the number will decide the winner.

## HOW THE GAME WORKS
- After running the code you need to enter number of players that will be playing i.e. 1, 2, 3 or 4.
- Next enter the number of digits which the number you want to guess have. like a 1 digit number or a 2 digit number.
- Select the difficulty you want to play in.
- Now the system prompts the player to guess the number. Enter the number that you think.
- If your number matches then you will be get a congratulatory message with number of attempts you have taken to guess that number.
- If a part of the number you guessed is write the the system will tell you the digits you have guessed right. For example, If the secret number is `52` and you guessed 56 or anything in fities then you will get a messege showing that a part of your number is correct `5 X` and shows the digit(s) which are correctly guessed.
- You can continue guessing the number until you find the secret number or until your attempts run out.

ENJOY THE GAME😁
